
![fitw50](images/img_04.png)

# Services Overview

All the knowledge I will share with you is peer-reviewed literature and proven
to be effective. I take great pride in my education from the Kinesiology
department at ASU. Improving health and wellness is my primary objective.

Individual rates apply for baseball and golf. I will work with you outside of
the gym for these sports.

## Weight Loss

I customize every client's nutrition program to their needs. These will not be
pre-written diets because everyone is different! I will also show you the
correct exercise and cardio program to maximize your body's ability to use fat
as a fuel!

## Strength and Conditioning

Simple theory, there are no tricks or short cuts to getting stronger. SAID
principle states (specific adaptations to imposed demands) by making your
muscle do more than it has previously, the strength and size of the muscle will
improve. Obviously it's not that simple and that is why you are here! I will
show you the correct exercises and form to improve your sport and exercise
performance.

## Functional Training

Make your everyday tasks easier! Are you sick of losing your breath after a
flight of stairs? Tired of throwing your back out after picking something up?
This will be the answer for you!

## Sports Performance

Agility, speed, endurance and strength are easily attainable with simple steps.
Having studied sports biomechanics and exercise physiology I can ensure you
that you will become the better ATHLETE! I can also work with athletes looking
to improve their technique; I will observe, evaluate and correct your
performance to maximize your potential!

## Bodybuilding / Figure / Physique Preparation

Here at Fitness by Alexander we also offer contest preparation! If you're
looking for an edge in your next show or you're just getting started, I promise
I will make your program customizable to your goals. Don't hire any so called
"nutrition gurus," hire someone that studied the human body and knows the
science behind getting ripped!

## Flexibility

Muscles not only flex, but stretch too!
